Readme.md, before:

#PHP-SASS: A wrapper for libsass of PHP

##Install

See INSTALL

##Features

1. Fully wrap for libsass
2. Fully support the options of libsass
3. Provide the php function to libsass, so you can call any php function as libsass's function, like this php(time) or php(count_down, 1, 2, 3)
4. Fully support all kinds of type in the sass and can translate them to php and back

##Type Conversion Rules

There is a catch here, for PHP, an array can be a list and a hash, and both.

But in Sass, there is no thing like array.

So, when convert back from sass, anything will be fine, but when converting php to sass, there is a slightly problem, how to convert mutant arrays?

So, php-sass use a simple solution here, only object maps to map, and array only maps to list. If you want to return an array as a map, just cast it to object, it's simple.

###Sass -> PHP

| Sass 		| PHP 		|
|:---------:|:---------:|
| number 	| double	|
| string 	| string	|
| color 	| hex color |
| boolean 	| boolean 	|
| null 		| null 		|
| list 		| array		|
| map 		| array		|

###PHP -> Sass

| PHP 		| Sass 				|
|:---------:|:-----------------:|
| double 	| number			|
| long 		| number			|
| string 	| string			|
| boolean 	| boolean 			|
| null 		| null 				|
| array		| list(space sep)	|
| object	| map				|

About The PHP Function in Sass
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The php function in sass can direcly call php's function(in global context).

Here is some example:

1. Without parameters

	php(time)

This equals to:

	time();

2. With simple parameters

	php(hello world)

This equals to:

	hello("world");

3. With multiple parameters

	php(sprintf, "%s %s", hello, world)

This equals to:

	sprintf("%s %s", "hello", "world");

4. Using map or list:

	php(var_dump, (hello: world))

This equals to:

	var_dump(array("hello" => "world"));

Commit message:

Added the embeded functions doc.

Readme.md, after:

#PHP-SASS: A wrapper for libsass of PHP

##Install

See INSTALL

##Features

1. Fully wrap for libsass
2. Fully support the options of libsass
3. Provide the php function to libsass, so you can call any php function as libsass's function, like this php(time) or php(count_down, 1, 2, 3)
4. Fully support all kinds of type in the sass and can translate them to php and back
5. Extended C functions for Sass Compiler

## Extended Sass Builtin Functions

Sure, you can got all of these by using php method ;), but since these function will be called a lot, maybe buildin functions will be more faster.

String Functions:

	str-get($str, $index) // Get the char in the index of the string

Math Functions:

	pow($i, $n) // The same pow function as math.h

List Functions:

	remove-nth($l, $i) // Remove the nth element in the list
	list-end($i) // Get the end element of the listlist-splice($list, $offset:0, $count:0, $list_append:null)
	list-splice($list, $offset:0, $count:0, $list_append:null) // The same splice function of php
	list-set($list, $offset, $value) // Set the element of the list

Misc Functions:

	gettype($i) // Get the element's sass type as string, same as php's gettype
	strip-unit($n) // Remove the anoying unit in sass number, especially useful in multiplication, ;)

##Type Conversion Rules

There is a catch here, for PHP, an array can be a list and a hash, and both.

But in Sass, there is no thing like array.

So, when convert back from sass, anything will be fine, but when converting php to sass, there is a slightly problem, how to convert mutant arrays?

So, php-sass use a simple solution here, only object maps to map, and array only maps to list. If you want to return an array as a map, just cast it to object, it's simple.

###Sass -> PHP

| Sass 		| PHP 		|
|:---------:|:---------:|
| number 	| double	|
| string 	| string	|
| color 	| hex color |
| boolean 	| boolean 	|
| null 		| null 		|
| list 		| array		|
| map 		| array		|

###PHP -> Sass

| PHP 		| Sass 				|
|:---------:|:-----------------:|
| double 	| number			|
| long 		| number			|
| string 	| string			|
| boolean 	| boolean 			|
| null 		| null 				|
| array		| list(space sep)	|
| object	| map				|

About The PHP Function in Sass
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The php function in sass can direcly call php's function(in global context).

Here is some example:

1. Without parameters

	php(time)

This equals to:

	time();

2. With simple parameters

	php(hello world)

This equals to:

	hello("world");

3. With multiple parameters

	php(sprintf, "%s %s", hello, world)

This equals to:

	sprintf("%s %s", "hello", "world");

4. Using map or list:

	php(var_dump, (hello: world))

This equals to:

	var_dump(array("hello" => "world"));
